= Feeds Title =
'''Version:''' 0.1
'''Copyright:''' 2013 Bryce Campbell

==Description== 

This plugin  combines the functionality of the following three plugins:

<ul>
<li>[https://github.com/bryceac/TagTitle Tag Title]</li>
<li>[https://github.com/bryceac/PostTitle Post Title]</li>
<li>[https://github.com/bryceac/CommentTitle Comment Title]</li>
</ul>

Separately, the first item manipulates the feed title for tag feed, while the second and third deal with feed titles of the comment feeds, and they all manipulate the subtitles to reflect what the feeds should contain.
== Version History ==

<dl>
<dt>'''0.1'''</dt><dd>Initial version. released 4/27/2013</dd>
<dt>'''0.2'''</dt><dd>Update. Users now able to turn on or off feed modification as they please. released 4:27/2013 10:50 P.M. PST</dd>
<dt>'''0.2.1'''</dt><dd>Minor update. Default options are finally set and options should be removed on plugin deaction. This should mean initial configuration is no longer necessary.</dd>
</dl>

== Support ==

If you are encountering issues, feel free to let me know at the address below.

'''E-mail:''' brycecmpbell@gmail.com

Please make sure that The name of the plugin in and '''Habari''' are in the subject field, so that I know what you talking about.

== License ==

This plugin is Licensed under the [http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT MIT License].

== Misc. ==

This plugin has been tested with version 0.9 of Habari. It is not certain if it works on earlier versions.

===Recommended Settings===

As of version 0.2.1, defaults are now set, so it should no longer be necessary to do initial configuration.

One can enabled or disable whatever he or she wants. However, I recommend having all three items be checked, in order to get the most out of this plugin.
